Oh
[Music]
hey how's it going Dave 2d here so this
is the 2018 LG gram and this is a device
that gets updated pretty frequently the
last update was in like December of 2017
three months later we have another
update but this particular update has
been one of the more substantial ones
actually changed quite a bit of the
hardware now this one is the 15-inch LG
gram and actually think this is one of
the more unique laptops that LG makes
because they're sticking the you
processor into a large screen to chassis
which I actually think is really useful
for a lot of people people that just
want like a bigger screen without paying
for really expensive processors this is
a really good choice for them so they've
made some nice changes but there's
actually a problem this laptop that
other reviewers don't seem to be talking
about we'll get there but first I'm
gonna go through some stuff that hasn't
changed
so the chassis I think this is pretty
much the exact same chassis as the
previous generation but it now has the
new mil standard 810g and it looks like
serious business right there's a green
shield and it just makes you feel like
there's a degree of durability that this
laptop has and it does but I just don't
think that particular specification is
very stringent like there's a lot of
products out there that can get that
certification because it's not that hard
you know what to say that this isn't a
well-built laptop it is considering its
weight but keep in mind that its main
advantage is that it's a really
lightweight laptop and every time I pick
this thing up it feels impossibly light
especially for something with a 15-inch
screen but they have to use weaker
materials to reach that weight okay
something I've always disliked about the
LG gram is just how difficult it is to
get into this laptop it's the removal of
eight screws but you got to remove a
bunch of feet like rubber feet that
don't easily go back on because it's
using double-sided tape and it's like
there's just a lot of stuff you have to
do to get into this laptop it's possible
but you have to be careful not to break
any of the tabs now once you're inside
you'll see that the speaker's look like
they've been upgraded and they have
technically but they sound pretty much
exactly the same as a previous
generation a little bit louder but the
sound quality is still not good I really
wish they had properly upgraded the
speaker's because this room there's
plenty of room in there for some bigger
or better speakers but yeah we're stuck
with some pretty weak speakers the
keyboard also hasn't changed it's not a
great keyboard anything it's decent it's
just not the best keyboard out there for
an ultrabook
it's got good spacing backlighting and a
good layout but I just find that the key
mechanisms are a little bit softer than
I'd like
another thing that hasn't changed is the
charging so this thing uses a barrel
plug and they include one a barrel plug
AC adapter but I feel like at this price
point they should include a USBC charger
because it does support USB C charging
now the last thing that hasn't changed
from the previous version is the screen
it's a good screen 1080p touch panel
decent color accuracy I wish it was
brighter it's not that is dim but in
2018 we're just seeing a lot more ultra
books coming out with brighter and
better screens this one's still good but
there are better displays at this price
point okay let's talk about things that
have changed the big one for me is the
trackpad so it's always had a decent
feeling surface with a good mechanism
but it now uses Windows precision
drivers so the tracking and the gestures
are just a little bit more accurate the
webcam has been moved so it's always
been on the bottom like right along the
hinge it's now at the top of the panel
kind of like a more traditional spot I
don't think the image quality is amazing
or anything but it's a respectable
webcam for people that need it a nice
little refresh they did was to change
the location of the fingerprint sensor
it's now in the power button not on the
top of the trackpad or anymore
it's I think a better location but I
don't think it makes a world of a
difference okay
the biggest change in my opinion is the
inclusion of a Thunderbolt 3 port so now
this thing supports Thunderbolt 3 but
the weird thing is they didn't change
like the printing on the side of the
device like it doesn't have the
Thunderbolt symbol on it it's just your
regular use BC symbol and instead
they've stuck a Thunderbolt 3 sticker on
the top of the keyboard the other thing
they've changed inside is they've added
a bigger battery so this thing now has a
72 watt hour battery which is pretty
large for an ultrabook and I'm able to
get around eight and a half or nine
hours of battery life on a single charge
that's with the screen at 250 nits and
if you're wondering why the battery life
isn't longer considering how big the
battery is it's simply because it's a
bigger screen 15 inch screen
needs more juice to run their claims
have sixteen and a half hours on their
website uses a pretty unrealistic
benchmark so take that number with a
grain of salt okay let's talk about
performance and I think this is where
this laptop has may be an issue
depending on what you use this thing for
so this is a device that uses an eighth
gen you processor and if you're doing
regular stuff that you would earn
Ultrabook it's great good performance
great multi-core performance it's a good
laptop the problem comes when you want
to play games on this thing so the
default card isn't very good
it's a you
d620 it's not great for playing games so
whatever but because this thing has a
Thunderbolt 3 port I connected an
external GPU to this thing and the
performance is disappointing so this is
the problem this laptop was not designed
for the CPU to run at Full Tilt's for
extended periods of times when you plug
an external GPU to this thing you hope
for some kickass performance but I got
some serious throttling to the point
where it just was unusable as a gaming
setup the problem is the single fan it's
fine for an ultrabook doing Ultrabook
things but it's not if you're going to
be using the Thunderbolt 3 port so if
you look at other devices like the Razer
Blade self that has two fans XPS 13 that
has two fans even the HP Envy which
doesn't have great thermals has two fans
pretty much every ultrabook that has a
Thunderbolt 3 port that can connect to
an external GPU has two fans because
when you're playing games on a thermally
Traut CPU it's terrible and honestly I
feel like LG just got lazy I feel like
they slapped a Thunderbolt 3 port on
this machine just so they could say they
had one but they didn't spend the time
to do it properly they didn't improve
the thermals and it's a bit of a shame
because this thing's got a lot of good
hardware if the thermal solution was
better like it's got 16 gigs of RAM to
nvme drives and it's got four lanes of
PCIe support on that Thunderbolt 3 port
it's just not a great gaming setup
because of the thermal solution so
depending on what you want to use this
laptop for if you want to use it just
for like ultrabook stuff it's awesome
the fan is quiet and the thermals are
good it's a great laptop for
productivity a little overpriced but
it's great but if you're looking to pick
this thing up and connecting it to an
external GPU for playing games and stuff
like that this is not a great device for
that ok hope you guys enjoy this video
thumbs we liked it subs we loved it see
you guys next time
[Music]